# Assignment API References

## Assignment Object and its Relationship to Course and Template Solutions

The `Assignment` object represents a task or piece of work assigned to students within a `Course`. A Course can have multiple Assignments and an Assignemnt can only belong to one Course. 

Assignments are created by `Teachers` and students make `Submissions` for these assignments. The `Open AI API` generates `Feedback` based on the comparison of these submissions to the `Template Solutions` generated by the `Open AI API`.

`Templates` are generated based on the description and word count of the assignment. An asignemnt can have multiple templates and a template can only belong to one assignment.
## Assignment Attributes

An `Assignment` object typically includes attributes such as:

- **ID**: A unique identifier for the assignment within the system.
- **Name**: The name of the assignment.
- **Description**: A description of the assignment.
- **Age of Students**: The age group of students for whom the assignment is intended.
- **Word Count**: The word count of the assignment.
- **Course ID**: The course to which the assignment belongs.
- **Teacher ID**: The teacher that created the assignment.

## API Endpoints

::: app.main.create_assignment

::: app.main.get_assignments

::: app.main.get_assignment_by_id

::: app.main.get_assignments_by_course_id

::: app.main.generate_template_solution

::: app.main.get_all_templates

::: app.main.add_template_solution

::: app.main.get_templates_for_assignment
