# Quick Start Guide for Students - Making a Submission

This guide is for `students` to get started with the FeedbackAI-Tool. Students can use the FeedbackAI-Tool to make submissions for assignments created by teachers. Students can view the feedback generated by the OpenAI API based on their submissions.

## Student Setup

To get started with the FeedbackAI-Tool, students need to create an account and set up their profile. The creation of a student account needs to be done by the admin account. The admin account of an organisation is given by the superuser of the tool when the tool is first set up.

## Submission Creation

After the student account is set up, the student can make submissions for assignments created by teachers. Submissions can be made by providing the following details in the submission form:

- **Course**: The course to which the assignment belongs. The student can select this from the dropdown menu.
- **Assignment**: The assignment for which the submission is made. The student can select this from the dropdown menu. The student will see the assignments created by the teacher for the course.
- **Submission Content**: The content of the submission. As of right now it is a text field where the student can write their submission.

Once these details are provided, the submission can be made by clicking the `Submit` button.

## Feedback

### Feedback Generation

The feedback gets requested from the OpenAI API after the submission is made. The feedback is generated based on the submission content and the template solutions created by the teacher, this is done by comparing the submission to the template solutions. The feedback is displayed to the student on the submission page directly and saved to the database.

### Feedback Interpretation

The feedback generated by the OpenAI API is displayed directly on the submission page. The feedback is displayed as a text response and is in the form of hints to help the student improve their submission. Once they have made the necessary changes, they can make a new submission to see if the feedback has improved.

### Final Submission

As of right now there is no way for the student to clarify if the submission they are making is the final one. However when a submission is made the time of submission is also saved to the database. This can be used to determine if the submission was the final one or not.