# Quick Start Guide for Teachers - Creating an Assignment

This guide is for `teachers` to get started with the FeedbackAI-Tool. Teachers can use the FeedbackAI-Tool to create assignments for students to complete. Teachers can also create template solutions for the assignments, which are used to generate feedback for students.

## Teacher Setup

To get started with the FeedbackAI-Tool, teachers need to create an account and set up their profile. The creation of a teacher account needs to be done by the admin account. The admin account of an organisation is given by the superuser of the tool when the tool is first set up.

## Assignment Creation

After the teacher account is set up, the teacher can create assignments for students to complete. Assignments can be created by providing the following details in the create assignment form:

- **Course**: The course to which the assignment belongs. The teacher can select this from the dropdown menu.
- **Teacher Name**: The name of the teacher that creates the assignment. Gets filled in automatically based on the course.
- **Name**: The name of the assignment.
- **Description**: A description of the assignment. (This is important for creating template solutions, as the description is used to generate templates with the OpenAI API.)
- **Age of Students**: The age group of students for whom the assignment is intended.
- **Word Count**: The word count of the assignment. (This is important for creating template solutions, as the word count is used to generate templates with the OpenAI API.)

Once these details are provided, the assignment can be created by clicking the `Create Assignment` button.

## Template Solution Creation

After the assignment is created, the teacher can create template solutions for the assignment. Template solutions are used to generate feedback for students based on their submissions. Template solutions can be created immediately after creating the assignment by clicking the `Generate Template` button beneath the assignment form. Alternatively, template solutions can be created later by clicking the `Generate Template` button on the assignment overview page.

Template solutions are generated by the OpenAI API based on the description and word count of the assignment. The teacher can view the generated template solutions and choose to either accept the template and add it to the assignment or reject the template and generate a new one. As of now, only three template solutions can be generated for an assignment.

## Assignment Overview

After the assignment and template solutions are created, the teacher can view the assignment overview page. The assignment overview page displays the details of the assignment. There are buttons available to view the assignment description and view the already generated templates for the assignment. The teacher can also view the submissions made by students for the assignment and the feedback generated by the OpenAI API.